  1. What is noSQL database?explain.
  Ans. NoSQL stands for "Not Only SQL" 
       NoSQL is a part of database that can handle and sort all type of unstructured, messy and complicated data.
       It is just a new way to think about the database.



 Difference between SQL and NoSQL Database.
   SQL--->
      Relational Database Management System (RDBMS).
      These databases have fixed or static or predefined schema.
      These databases are not suited for hierarchical data storage.
      These databases are best suited for complex quires.
      Examples: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, MS-SQL Server, etc.

   NoSQL--->
       Non-relational or distributed database system.
       They have dynamic schema.
       These databses are best suited for hierarchical data storage.
       These database are not so good for complex queries.
       Examples: MongoDB, GraphQL, HBase, Neo4j, Cassandra etc



  2) What is MongoDB? explain.
     MongoDB is an open-source document-oriented database that is designed to store a large scale of data
     and also allows us to work with that data very efficiently.
     It is categorized under the NoSQL (Not only SQL) database because 
     the storage and retrieval of data in the MongoDB are not in the form of tables. 


 3) Which are the different languages supported by MongoDB?

    MonggoDB provides official driver support for C, C++, C#, Java, Node.js, Perl, PHP,
     Python, Ruby, Scala, Go and Erlang.


 4) Is MongoDB better than other SQL databases? If yes then how?

    MongoDB is better than other SQL databases because it allows a highly flexible and scalable document structure.
    For example:
    One data document in MongoDB can have five columns and the other one in the same collection can have ten columns.
    MongoDB database are faster than SQL databases due to efficient indexing and storage techniques.

5) Why MongoDB is known as best NoSQL database?
   a) Rich Query language
   b) High Performance
   c) Highly Available
   d) Easily Scalable
